Docs: add "How to manage your installation - Managing profiles" (#4066)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/howto/installation.rst

Managing profiles
=================

Creating profiles
-----------------
Each AiiDA installation can have multiple profiles, each of which can have its own individual database and file repository to store the contents of the :ref:`provenance graph<topics:provenance:concepts>`.
Profiles allow you to run multiple projects completely independently from one another with just a single AiiDA installation and at least one profile is required to run AiiDA.
A new profile can be created using :ref:`verdi quicksetup<reference:command-line:verdi-quicksetup>` or :ref:`verdi setup<reference:command-line:verdi-setup>`, which works similar to the former but gives more control to the user.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
extra line

Listing profiles
----------------
The :ref:`verdi profile<reference:command-line:verdi-profile>` command line interface provides various commands to manage the profiles of an AiiDA installation.

> To list the currently configured profiles, you can use ``verdi profile list``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To list the currently configured profiles, use ``verdi profile list``:
```

.. code:: bash

    Info: configuration folder: /home/user/.virtualenvs/aiida/.aiida
    * project-one
      project-two

In this particular example, there are two configured profiles, ``project-one`` and ``project-two``.
The first one is highlighted and marked with a ``*`` symbol, meaning it is the default profile.
A profile being the default means simply that any ``verdi`` command will always be executed for that profile.

> Of course you can :ref:`change the profile on a per-call basis<topics:cli:profile>` with the ``--p/--profile`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can :ref:`change the profile on a per-call basis<topics:cli:profile>` with the ``--p/--profile`` option.
```

> If you would like to change the default profile in order to not always have to specify it explicitly, you can use ``verdi profile setdefault PROFILE``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the default profile use ``verdi profile setdefault PROFILE``.
```

Showing profiles
----------------
Each profile defines various parameters, such as the location of the file repository on the file system and the connection parameters for the database.

> To display these parameters, you can use ``verdi profile show``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display these parameters, use ``verdi profile show``:
```

.. code:: bash

    Info: Profile: project-one
    ----------------------  ------------------------------------------------
    aiidadb_backend         django
    aiidadb_engine          postgresql_psycopg2
    aiidadb_host            localhost
    aiidadb_name            aiida_project_one
    aiidadb_pass            correcthorsebatterystaple
    aiidadb_port            5432
    aiidadb_repository_uri  file:///home/user/.virtualenvs/aiida/repository/
    aiidadb_user            aiida
    default_user_email      user@email.com
    options                 {'daemon_default_workers': 3}
    profile_uuid            4c272a87d7f543b08da9fe738d88bb13
    ----------------------  ------------------------------------------------

By default, the parameters of the default profile are shown, but one can pass the profile name of another, e.g., ``verdi profile show project-two`` to change that.

Deleting profiles
-----------------
A profile can be deleted using the ``verdi profile delete`` command.
By default, deleting a profile will also delete its file repository and the database.
This behavior can be changed using the ``--skip-repository`` and ``--skip-db`` options.

.. note::

>     In order to delete the database, the system user needs to have the required rights, which is not always guaranteed depending on the system.
>     In such cases, the database deletion may fail and the user will have to perform the deletion manually through PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The deletion of a database can sometimes fail when the system user has insufficient permissions.
    In that case the database must be manually deleted through PostgreSQL.
```
